Login Functionality 

As it is mentioned in requirement list that the user will be logged in even,if he/she will close the app. 
In that case could they use the same e-mail address to login to anyother mode?
would they see themselves logged in?(LG:- yes, they should themselves logged into the application)
which kind of message will appear if they try to login to the other mode?


Sign up for new account functionality

Asumption I could see e-mail password feids but there is no first name and last name feild.

After clicking on Sign up for new account which page will appear?(LG:- login page) 

After login which page will appear?(LG:- landing page)
After clicking on (LoginNow link) will that Login Now Link will be still there?(LG:- no that link will replaced by Input box for entering username  and  password  and a submit button)

 
 Negative Scenario for login functionality                                       
 
 What if the user will put the wrong email address which message will apppear?( LG :- Invalid credentials.  Please enter the correct credentials)
 What if the user will put the wrong password which message will apppear?(LG:- Invalid  credentials. Please enter the correct credentials)
 
 Forgot Password Functionality
 
 After clicking on forgot password?
 In this page when user will enter the e-mail address and when user will click mon send OTP ....What message will appear on that page? 
 (LG:- In case of invalid email. The user should still see a success message " OTP has been sent". This is because we want to keep the hackers  away)
 How long do they have to wait for the OTP?( LG :- OTP has to be sent instantly . So they should get it immediately)
 Will that OTP link will disappear after clicking the link?
 
 OTP Functionality
 
 After clicking on send OTP When OTP.Page will appear what if user will put one wrong number by mistake and clicks on blue Tick.
 what kind of message will he/she receive?
 How user will see the OTP page once again and how long will that OTP will take to come?
 
 	Reset Password
•	What if user will enter correct (Enter New Password) and incorrect confirm password and user will clicks on Submit Button what message will come?
•	What if user will enter incorrect (Enter New Password) and correct confirm password and user will clicks on Submit Button what message will come?
•	What if user will put correct New Password and correct confirm password which message will appear?

	Assumption I could see e-mail password fields but there is no first name and last name field.
	One more thing I wanted to ask…… The OTP will be with alphabetic or numbers and I am assuming it will be four digits as I could see the four boxes.



first Nmae compulsery
Middle name not compulsery
Last name compulsery
e-mail compulsery and should be more than 18
date of birth 18 plus compulsery
password confirm password compulsery and it should be same minimum 8 character with 1 upper min lower case 1 special character 1 number


 
 
 
 